Summary:
CryptoMe is kind of like a Venmo for cryptocurrency. For a long time, cryptocurrency has been considered a shady exchange of money between large complex addresses. Why does it have to be that way? CryptoMe attempts to personalize transactions, allowing users to send and receive cryptocurrency with each other and write a description for their transactions. Kind of like a Venmo for cryptocurrency.

What's the difference?
The difference between CryptoMe and other "wallets" like Kraken and Binance is that CryptoMe gives you access to your own wallet whereas those companies just put your money into their system, kind of like a bank. They say you have a wallet but they don't give you the secret key for your wallet, meaning you can't import that address to other sites or use that wallet without their application. You totally rely on them to keep your money safe. CryptoMe puts the money in your own hands and gives you a secret key that is stored on your device, not with us.

Mode of transfer:
Currently the mode of transfer between users is XRP, or ripple. Ripple has one of the fastest transfer rates among all types of cryptocurrency. Transfers happen in a matter of seconds. It is also one of the most stable cryptocurrencies. It is a type of crypto that Banks rely on. No need to wait for bank clearances and slow processes, such as in Venmo. In the future, the app will allow other P2P crypto transfers including Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc.

No collection of your Private Data:
CryptoMe does not collect private data, such as your driver's license or any identifying data because all transfers are with non-FIAT currency.

Conversions: 
Convert between 30+ types of cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, etc. into Ripple to store money into your CryptoMe wallet or withdraw Ripple as any of these cryptocurrencies. 

Usage as a simple Ripple Wallet: 
You can also send to other ripple addresses or receive from ripple addresses if the person you're sending or receiving from is not on the CryptoMe platform, just like in any other wallet app.

Security:
The only thing you must keep secure is your secret key, which is used to make transactions. This key is with you and not with CryptoMe. Sites such as Kraken or Binance can get hacked and you can lose all your money or those companies can shut down. With CryptoMe, your full wallet ownership means you can import or export your wallet anywhere and only you have your secret key.

The future of CryptoMe:
- Having your own Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin wallet
- Sending Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin to your friends
- Send to your friends using their phone number
- Conversion of FIAT currency like dollars into cryptocurrency



CryptoMe: Social cryptocurrency transfer application that allows transfer of cryptocurrency between users instead of hexadecimal addresses.

The underlying cryptocurrency used for transfer between users is XRP, or ripple. Ripple has one of the fastest transfer rates among all types of
cryptocurrency. Transfers happen in a matter of seconds. It is also one of the most stable cryptocurrencies. It is a type of crypto that Banks rely on.
Imagine transferring money between your friends and knowing within a second that the money is sent and is yours. No need to wait for bank clearances and 
slow processes, such as in Venmo.

User Private Data:
CryptoMe does not collect private data, such as your driver's license or any identifying data because all transfers are with non-FIAT currency.

Wallet Ownership: 
The user has full access of their wallet and can import wallets from other platforms with the wallet's secret key. CryptoMe does
not store any of your money and gives you your own wallet. Your money is your own and stored on the ripple blockchain in your own wallet.

Cryptocurrency Conversions: 
Users can convert between 30+ types of cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, etc. into Ripple to store money into their wallet or they can withdraw Ripple as any of these cryptocurrencies, allowing deposit and withdraw cryptocurrency conversions.

Social: 
Users can search for other users just like they do on Venmo and send Ripple directly from their wallet to their friend's wallet. They can also enter a US Dollar value and
the equivalent amount of Ripple is sent. They simply search a user and send to that user. Users can add text and emojis to the description for the transaction such as "For Pizza" or "For Movie Tickets" just like in
Venmo. They can even upload a profile picture, creating a beautiful user interface.

Usage as a simple Ripple Wallet: 
Users can also send and receive cryptocurrency normally with hexadecimal addresses, just like in Coinbase. Users would simply scan
a QR code or enter an address manually to send to another Ripple Wallet or they can give their wallet address to another person who can send to that address.

The Future of CryptoMe:
CryptoMe will support other cryptocurrency wallet transfers between users, such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin transfers. 

SECURITY:
Secret Keys for wallets are not stored on CryptoMe servers and only stored on a user's iPhone. The only way to recover a wallet is with the secret key, meaning users need
to solely rely on the blockchain, which is verified by thousands of servers around the world, and their own iPhone to keep their wallets secure.